Hi, my name is Tina. I am thirteen years old and today I want to talk about my best friend Selena. She is my classmate and she is thirteen years old too. We attend a very big school near Scotland. We share the same desk and love the same school subjects. Our favorite lessons are Arts and Physical Education. I am very good at tennis and she is very good at volleyball. She plays volleyball at our school team. We both have a busy life. We always get up at a half past six and at seven o’clock her father takes us to school by car. They live next door to us, so after school we always do our homework, walk our dogs and play together. Our classes start at half past seven and finish at 4 p.m. Her mother is a nurse. My mother is a nurse too and they work at the same hospital. Our fathers are both engineers but they work at different companies. On Mondays, Selena has violin class and I have piano class. On Tuesdays and Thursdays she practices volleyball at the school’s gym and I play tennis in our school court. Friday is my favorite day because Selena stays overnight with us. On the weekends, we usually go to the movie theater or have a picnic if the weather is good. I am the only child, I don’t have a sister but she is like a sister to me. One of my favorite vacation places is Mexico. I really like the weather there because it never gets cold. The people are very nice too. They never laugh at my bad Spanish. The food is really good. Mexico City is a very interesting place to visit. It has some great museums and lots of fascinating old buildings. The hotels are too expensive to stay but there are more affordable options. For example, you can stay at one of the beach resorts like Acapulco. If you are planning to visit Mexico, you should definitely see the Mayan temples near Merida. Hi, my name is Amy. I am twelve years old. We have a small toy shop in our neighborhood. My father says Fridays are the busiest day in our toy shop. So after school, my mom takes me there to help my dad. That’s another reason why I like Fridays. We allow kids to play with the toys when they are in the store. My father says I am responsible for the toys and that I need to watch and make sure nothing breaks. Many kids from my school and neighborhood also come to the shop to look at our new toys. It is always noisy here. Because it’s full of babies and small children. Little girls tend to go for dolls, boys go for cars. Some just want to play with the toys, some actually want to buy them. It’s a bit tiring for me but I like going to the shop and helping my father. 